Remove normal ledger catchup (#17248)
MinaProtocol/mina: changes/17248.md

> This PR removed normal ledger catchup, as it's less efficient than super ledger catchup and unused most of the time. the CLI argument `mina daemon --no-super-catchup` has been removed as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This PR removes normal ledger catchup, as it's less efficient than super ledger catchup and is not actually used by node operators. The CLI argument `mina daemon --no-super-catchup` has been removed as well.
```
